// Thanks to Enjay for this


splash Water
{
	smallclass		WaterSplashBase
	smallclip		4
	smallsound		world/watersplashsmall

	baseclass		WaterSplashBase
	chunkclass		WaterSplash
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
	NoAlert
}

terrain Water
{
	splash		Water
	footclip	0//6
	liquid
}

splash Blood
{
	smallclass		BloodSplash
	smallclip		10
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall

	baseclass		BloodSplash
	chunkclass		BloodSplash
	chunkxvelshift	0
	chunkyvelshift	0
	chunkzvelshift	0
	chunkbasezvel	0
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	NoAlert
}

terrain Blood
{
	splash		Blood
	footclip	0//6
	liquid
}

splash Nuke
{
	smallclass		SludgeSplash
	smallclip		6
	smallsound		world/lavasizzlesmall

	baseclass		SludgeSplash
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	NoAlert
}

terrain Nuke
{
	splash		Nuke
	footclip	0//6
	liquid
}

splash Lava
{
	smallclass		LavaSplash
	smallclip		4
	smallsound		world/lavasizzlesmall

	baseclass		LavaSplash
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	NoAlert
}

terrain Lava
{
	splash		Nuke
	footclip	0//6
	liquid
}


splash Lav2
{
	smallclass		BloodSplash
	smallclip		4
	smallsound		world/lavasizzlesmall

	baseclass		BloodSplash
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavasizzle
	NoAlert
}

terrain Lav2
{
	splash		Lav2
	footclip	0//6
	liquid
}

splash Lav3
{
	smallclass		LavaSmoke
	smallclip		4
	smallsound		world/lavsiz2

	baseclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkclass		LavaSmoke
	chunkxvelshift	-1
	chunkyvelshift	-1
	chunkzvelshift	7
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/lavsiz2
	NoAlert
}

terrain Lav3
{
	splash		Lav3
	footclip	0//6
	liquid
}

terrain HotRock
{
	splash		Lav3
}

splash Slime
{
	smallclass		SlimeSplash
	smallclip		6
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall

	baseclass		SlimeSplash
	chunkclass		SlimeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	NoAlert
}

terrain Slime
{
	splash		Slime
	footclip	0//6
	liquid
}

splash Grey
{
	smallclass		BloodSplashBase
	smallclip		4
	smallsound		world/watersplashsmall
	
	baseclass		BloodSplashBase
	chunkclass		SludgeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	8
	chunkyvelshift	8
	chunkzvelshift	8
	chunkbasezvel	2
	sound			world/watersplash
	NoAlert
}

terrain Grey
{
	splash		Grey
	footclip	0//6
	liquid
}


splash Sludge
{
	smallclass		SludgeSplash
	smallclip		8
	smallsound		world/sludgegloopsmall

	baseclass		SludgeSplash
	chunkclass		SlimeChunk
	chunkxvelshift	6
	chunkyvelshift	6
	chunkzvelshift	6
	chunkbasezvel	1
	sound			world/sludgegloop
	NoAlert
}

terrain Sludge
{
	splash		Sludge
	footclip	0//6
	liquid
}

ifdoom
//Splash floors first
floor optional BDT_WFL Water
floor optional BDT_BFL Blood
floor optional BDT_LFL Lava
floor optional BDT_AFL Nuke
floor optional BDT_SFL1 Slime
floor optional BDT_SFL2 Slime
floor optional BLOOD1 Blood
floor optional BLOOD2 Blood
floor optional BLOOD3 Blood
floor optional BLOOD4 Blood
floor optional FWATER1 Water
floor optional FWATER2 Water
floor optional FWATER3 Water
floor optional FWATER4 Water
floor optional LAVA1 Lava
floor optional LAVA2 Lava
floor optional LAVA3 Lava
floor optional LAVA4 Lava
floor optional NUKAGE1 Nuke
floor optional NUKAGE2 Nuke
floor optional NUKAGE3 Nuke
floor optional NUKAGE4 Nuke
floor optional SLIME01 Slime
floor optional SLIME02 Slime
floor optional SLIME03 Slime
floor optional SLIME04 Slime
floor optional SLIME05 Sludge
floor optional SLIME06 Sludge
floor optional SLIME07 Sludge
floor optional SLIME08 Sludge
floor optional SLIME09 HotRock
floor optional SLIME10 HotRock
floor optional SLIME11 HotRock
floor optional SLIME12 HotRock
floor optional RROCK01 HotRock
floor optional RROCK02 HotRock
floor optional RROCK05 HotRock
floor optional RROCK06 HotRock
floor optional RROCK07 HotRock
floor optional RROCK08 HotRock
endif
